feat: add telemetry documentation (#35)
ipfs-shipyard/ignite-metrics: docs/telemetry/CollectedData.template.md

# Collected telemetry data

Copied from https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ignite-metrics/blob/feature/metric-library/129/docs/telemetry/CollectedData.template.md

<!--
This is the default for projects using the ignite-metrics library. Each project's own `./docs/telemetry/CollectedData.md` file should contain very specific information under each of the following sections:

* 'What metrics data DO we collect'

-->

> ## What metrics data DON'T we collect

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1173416/211126791-7072a7c9-7b0e-4768-800d-509160bad0ef.png)

I want to keep the exact ordering as the other section. How do you feel about `What metrics data we do NOT collect` ?

We do not collect any of the below listed items in our metric data:

1. User identifiable data (names, email addresses, aliases, handles, etc.)
2. CIDs
3. IP addresses

> ## What metrics data DO we collect

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1173416/211126771-4355e4ad-2a4f-46c0-beed-f553f8df2f8b.png)

# Collected telemetry data

> Copied from https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ignite-metrics/blob/feature/metric-library/129/docs/telemetry/CollectedData.template.md

Author: update URL to use `main` branch prior to merging

<!--
This is the default for projects using the ignite-metrics library. Each project's own `./docs/telemetry/CollectedData.md` file should contain very specific information under each of the following sections:

* 'What metrics data DO we collect'

-->
## What metrics data DON'T we collect

We do not collect any of the below listed items in our metric data:

1. User identifiable data (names, email addresses, aliases, handles, etc.)
2. CIDs
3. IP addresses

> Countly also calls out how they protect your data at https://support.count.ly/hc/en-us/articles/360037501372-Security-Privacy-and-Access-FAQ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Telemetry is sent to Countly instance at `countly.ipfs.tech`. You can read how they protect your data at [Security, Privacy, and Access FAQ](https://support.count.ly/hc/en-us/articles/360037501372-Security-Privacy-and-Access-FAQ)
```

## What metrics data DO we collect

As a general rule, we collect only application data; no user data. Some examples of application data we collect are:

| Metric data name | Metric feature name | What is this data used for |
|:----------------:|---------------------|----------------------------|
| Fill in          | Fill in             | Fill in                    |
|                  |                     |                            |
|                  |                     |                            |

## Other related documents

* https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ignite-metrics/blob/feature/metric-library/129/docs/telemetry/CollectionPolicy.md
* https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ignite-metrics/blob/feature/metric-library/129/docs/telemetry/PrivacyPolicy.md

> * https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ignite-metrics/blob/feature/metric-library/129/docs/telemetry/FAQs.md

Author: This will need to point to `main/` prior to merging

Reviewer: (just an idea for the future)
We could replace these with aliases at `ipfs.fyi` (https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs.fyi):

```
/telemetry-collection-policy https://github.com...CollectionPolicy.md
/telemetry-privacy-policy    https://github.com...PrivacyPolicy.md
/telemetry-faq               https://github.com...FAQs.md
```

Author: > (just an idea for the future) We could replace these with aliases at `ipfs.fyi` (https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs.fyi):
> 
> ```
> /telemetry-collection-policy https://github.com...CollectionPolicy.md
> /telemetry-privacy-policy    https://github.com...PrivacyPolicy.md
> /telemetry-faq               https://github.com...FAQs.md
> ```

I love the idea but I'm not sure exactly how this works and there doesn't seem to be enough info in the readme. Are we supposed to create a _redirects file in each repo, or just in this repo?
